## Questions
1. What is the DOM? Written in Javascript, the DOM to access the document and its elements. The DOM is not a programming language, but without it, the JavaScript language wouldn't have any model or notion of web pages, HTML documents, XML documents, and their component parts (e.g. elements). Every element in a document—the document as a whole, the head, tables within the document, table headers, text within the table cells—is part of the document object model for that document, so they can all be accessed and manipulated using the DOM and a scripting language like JavaScript.

The Document Object Model (DOM) is a programming interface for HTML and XML documents. It represents the page so that programs can change the document structure, style and content. The DOM represents the document as nodes and objects. That way, programming languages can connect to the page.

A Web page is a document. This document can be either displayed in the browser window, or as the HTML source. But it is the same document in both cases. The Document Object Model (DOM) represents that same document so it can be manipulated. The DOM is an object-oriented representation of the web page, which can be modified with a scripting language such as JavaScript.
2. What is an event?
The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events.
3. What is an event listener?This method is called whenever an event occurs of the type for which the EventListener interface was registered.

void handleEvent(
  in Event event
);
Parameters

event
The DOM Event which was triggered.
Remarks

As the interface is marked with the [function] flag, all JavaScript Function objects automatically implement this interface. Calling the handleEvent() method on such an implementation automatically invokes the function.element.addEventListener() has multiple advantages:

Allows you to register unlimited events handlers and remove them with element.removeEventListener().
Has useCapture parameter, which indicates whether you'd like to handle event in its capturing or bubbling phase. See: Unable to understand useCapture attribute in addEventListener.
Cares about semantics. Basically, it makes registering event handlers more explicit. For a beginner, a function call makes it obvious that something happens, whereas assigning event to some property of DOM element is at least not intuitive.
Allows you to separate document structure (HTML) and logic (JavaScript). In tiny web applications it may not seem to matter, but it does matter with any bigger project. It's way much easier to maintain a project which separates structure and logic than a project which doesn't.
Eliminates confusion with correct event names. Due to using inline event listeners or assigning event listeners to .onevent properties of DOM elements, lots of inexperienced JavaScript programmers thinks that the event name is for example onclick or onload. on is not a part of event name. Correct event names are click and load, and that's how event names are passed to .addEventListener().
Works in almost all browser. If you still have to support IE <= 8, you can use a polyfill from MDN.
element.onevent = function() {} (e.g. onclick, onload)

Code example:

## Challenge
Your challenge is to write the functionality of a *Caoursel* component. You have the HTML and CSS already in place. This is an advanced challenge, so you are not expected to be able to complete it. What we're looking for is your ability to begin writing this functionality, and use your newly learned patterns to set up your component.