# Assessing your Vanilla JS DOM Manipulation Fu
* Answers to your written questions will be recorded in *Answers.md* 
* This is to be worked on alone but you can use outside resources. You can *reference* any old code you may have, and documentation, however, please refrain from copying and pasting any of your answers. Try and understand the question and put your responses in your own words. Be as thorough as possible when explaining something. 
* **Just a friendly Reminder** Don't fret or get anxious about this, this is a no-pressure assessment that is only going to help guide you here in the near future. This is NOT a pass/fail situation. 

## Questions
1. What is the DOM? - Document Object Model - platform that represents the HTML & CSS docs as nodes and objects, which allows for manipulation of style, structure, etc.
2. What is an event? - an action that occurs within the DOM - could be user generated like mouse clicks or typing; could be generated by the program itself like when a page finishes loading or an alert is generated.
2. What is an event listener? - also called event handler, I've noticed. But I think that's in other languages that I don't know...YET. An event listener is a procedure that waits for an event to occur and then reacts to it in some way. i.e. an alert pops up if you click a certain button, etc.

## Challenge
Your challenge is to write the functionality of a *Carousel* component. You have the HTML and CSS already in place. This is an advanced challenge, so you are not expected to be able to complete it. What we're looking for is your ability to begin writing this functionality, and use your newly learned patterns to set up your component.